164	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: I got an oven today.  Body: It's pretty hot, isn't it?
383	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: The town council of Blarney, Ireland held a contest for a new tourism slogan...  Body: The winner was "Póg mo Stóne."
45	adjudicated	hyperbole	Title: The great fire of London in 1666 started after dropping my mixtape too hard.  Body:
156	adjudicated	irony	Title: A Woman Goes to the Doctor  Body: A woman goes to the doctor to find out why she's been missing her periods. After a brief exam the doctor gets a urine sample and concludes that the woman is pregnant. "How can I be pregnant?", the woman shouts."My husband has been overseas for a year!" The doctor replies, "Well, as near as I can figure, somebody has it in for your husband."
53	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: If I get a bird I'm naming it Trump  Body: cuz all they do is Tweet
72	adjudicated	reference	Title: Where does Sean Connery sit?  Body: In the toilet.
315	adjudicated	shock	Title: How bout a blowjob?  Body: Two married buddies are out drinking one night when one turns to the other and says, "You know, I don't know what else to do. Whenever I go home after we've been out drinking, I turn the headlights off before I get to the driveway. I shut off the engine and coast into the garage. I take my shoes off before I go into the house, I sneak up the stairs, I get undressed in the bathroom. I ease into bed and my wife STILL wakes up and yells at me for staying out so late!"  His buddy looks at him and says, "Well, you're obviously taking the wrong approach. I screech into the driveway, slam the door, storm up the steps, throw my shoes into the closet, jump into bed, rub my hands on my wife's ass and say, 'How about a blowjob?' ....And she's always sound asleep."
209	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Did you hear about the math teacher...  Body: ...who used a ladder to solve a calculus problem written at the very top of his blackboard?  He really rose to the equation.
74	adjudicated	character	Title: What do you call a blonde in a BMW?  Body: Optional.
333	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Redneck Divorce  Body:  A hillbilly walked into an attorney's office wanting to file for divorce.  Attorney: "May I help you?"  Hillbilly: "Yea, I want to get one of those dayvorces".  Attorney: "Well do you have any grounds?"  Hillbilly: "Yea, I got about a hundred acres."  Attorney: "No, you don't understand, do you have a case?"  Hillbilly: "No, I don't have a Case, but I have a John Deere."  Attorney: "I mean, do you have a grudge?"  Hillbilly: "Yea, I got a grudge. That's where I park my John Deere."  Attorney: "No sir, I mean do you have a suit?"  Hillbilly: "Yes sir, I got a suit, I wear it to church on Sundays."  Attorney: "Well sir, does your wife beat you up or anything?"  Hillbilly: "No sir, we both get up about 4:30 in the morning."  Attorney: "Well, is she a nagger or anything?"  Hillbilly: "No she's a little white gal, but our last child was a nagger. That's why I want this dayvorce."
403	adjudicated	shock	Title: Why did God make pubic hair curly?  Body: So we don't poke our eyes out.
415	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What kind of bees make milk?  Body: Boo-bees.
92	adjudicated	shock	Title: Why is is called Holy Water ?  Body: Cause Holy God does it feel good when I use it to wash that alter boy's blood of my dick.
215	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What's a Scottish transsexual's favourite drink?  Body: Mango Lassi
479	adjudicated	meta_humor	Title: Jokes on reddit are always original and hilarious.  Body:
59	adjudicated	shock	Title: Americans have some weird slang...  Body: Like calling shooting ranges high schools
368	adjudicated	irony	Title: I had such a hard time figuring out why cow brains are so hard to dig out of their skulls, especially since they are such stupid animals.  Body: Then, someone informed me that it is much easier if the animal is already dead.
163	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Have you ever had sex while camping....  Body: It's fucking in-tents
210	adjudicated	reference	Title: Jared gives a new meaning to "Eat Fresh!" How "Fresh" we talkin?  Body:
251	adjudicated	character	Title: NEVER challenge a chinese man  Body: If he says he can do something in the blink of an eye, chances are he's gonna be quicker than you.
443	adjudicated	shock	Title: So.. I woke my gf up with oral sex this morning  Body: -Oh wicked, what'd she say?  -Thtoph, thtoph!
320	adjudicated	misplaced_focus	Title: A man's Wife says that she wants something that goes from 0-180 in under 10 seconds..  Body: The man leaves for a moment and then returns with the scale from their bathroom.
289	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Apple Released A Pack of Playing Cards that Only has 48 Cards  Body: They removed all the Jacks
389	adjudicated	shock	Title: How do you get a redneck to suck your dick?  Body: Put Ranch on it...
7	adjudicated	parody	Title: Jack and Jill  Body: Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch a pale of water. I don't know what they did up there, but they came back with a daughter.
462	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What has caused Caitlyn Jenner to put on weight?  Body: Trans fats.
249	adjudicated	irony	Title: A guy walks into a bar...  Body: A man walks into a bar and hears piano music. He looks at the piano and can't see anyone sitting there, so he walks over and discovers a foot-tall man standing on the piano bench playing the tune of Dixie-Girl. The man thought that this was strange so he goes over to the bartender and asks where the man came from. "Here," says the bartender, handing the man a genie lamp, "rub this." So the man rubs the lamp and out comes this genie. "What do you wish for?" asks the genie. "A million bucks," the man states, quite sure of himself. "Granted." And the genie claps his hands and disappeared back into the lamp. The man looks around, checks his wallet but can't find a million bucks anywhere. Just that moment, a million ducks fly through the bar. Astounded the man says: "Hey! I didn't ask for a million ducks!" "Do you think that I asked for a 12 inch pianist?" replied the bartender.
228	adjudicated	misplaced_focus	Title: An Owl and a Squirrel are sitting in a tree watching a farmer mow the lawn....  Body: ...The Owl says nothing because Owls can't talk, the Owl then eats the Squirrel because it's a bird of prey.
245	adjudicated	shock	Title: Anybody can piss on the floor  Body: but it takes a great man to shit on the ceiling
211	adjudicated	shock	Title: Jack and Jill  Body: Jack and Jill went up the hill so Jack could lick Jill's candy.  Jack got a shock and a mouth full of cock because Jill used to be Randy.
129	adjudicated	madcap	Title: What animal is faster than a cheetah?  Body: A cow dropped out of a helicopter.
162	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Did you hear about the unconstitutional ban on farts?  Body: It's disgusting.
223	adjudicated	reference	Title: Do you whats amazing?  Body: Spiderman
41	adjudicated	misplaced_focus	Title: So i just started a coffee shop in baghdad...  Body: ...and business is BOOMING!!
278	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Why is Peter Pan always flying around?  Body: Because he can never never land
21	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: I slapped a statues arse...  Body: I think I hit rock bottom
434	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: When I was a little kid, I had this friend that was always counting.  Body: I wonder what he's up to these days.
68	adjudicated	shock	Title: What do you say when your lesbian daughter brings home her girlfriend?  Body: "Are you going to be staying for dinner or eating out?"
227	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Why did Hydrogen hurt Iron?  Body: Because he wanted to see him Sulfur.
151	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: I heard y'all don't like bird jokes  Body: This could get a little hawkward
369	adjudicated	reference	Title: The Purge: American Cops  Body: For just 365 nights a year, murder is legal!
217	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Where do dogs go when they lose their tail?  Body: To the retail store
154	adjudicated	shock	Title: What cow produces milk and potatoes  Body: Your mother.
177	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: knock knock  Body: who's there?  To  To who?  AH AH AH, to whom
397	adjudicated	analogy	Title: What does the Captain Kirk and toilet paper have in common?  Body: They both circle Uranus searching for Klingon's
139	adjudicated	shock	Title: My girlfriend called me a pedophile.  Body: I said that's a big word for a nine year old.
141	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: You know that saying "don't shit where you eat"?  Body: I'm not allowed to eat in bed anymore.
326	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What is a pirates favorite letter.  Body: Arrrrrr No, tis the sea
175	adjudicated	analogy	Title: What do the Zika virus and Catholic priests have in common?  Body: They both give kids a little head.
170	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: A women goes to the doctor all black and blue...  Body: Doctor: "What happened?" Woman: "Doctor, I don't know what to do. Every time my husband comes home drunk on Bud Light he beats me to a pulp."  Doctor: "I have a remedy for that. When your husband comes home drunk on Bud Light, just take a glass of sweet tea and start swishing it in your mouth but don't swallow. Just keep swishing and swishing until he goes to bed in his Bud Light stupor."  Two weeks later the women comes back to the doctor looking fresh and reborn.  Woman: "Doctor, that was a brilliant idea! Every time my husband came home drunk on Bud Light, I swished with sweet tea. I swished and swished and he didn't touch me!"   Doctor: "You see how much keeping your mouth shut helps?"  **EDIT:** Well this turned into a huge debate. Glad I could make so many people happy and angry at the same time with my first front page post!
88	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What do you call a piano player with no arms or legs?  Body: Clever dick.
96	adjudicated	shock	Title: Two Old, Southern Belles Rocking On The Porch  Body: Mary Jane and Betty Lou are sitting in their rockers taking in the day when Mary Jane asks of Betty Lou,   "Betty Lou, Did you know there are men who kiss other men **on their private parts**?  "**WHY NO!**" gasps Betty Lou, "*What are they called?!*"  "Why Betty Lou they are called Homosexuals, and did you know there are *women* who kiss other *women* on their **private parts**?" asked Mary Jane.  "**OH MY LORD MARY LOU!** I just can't imagine! What are they called?!" replied Betty Lou.  "Why Betty Lou, they are called *Lesbians*."  "Oh Dear Dear, what is this world coming to Mary Jane?"  "Betty Lou, were you aware that there are **MEN** who kiss **WOMEN** on their private parts!?"  "Oh for heavens sake Mary Jane! Say it isn't so! I dare not ask what they are called, but I must!" asked Betty Lou  "Well, I'm not quite sure Betty Lou" said Mary Jane. "But I called him **Precious!**"
439	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: End of all pizza  Body: Year 2050: The "Clean-Eaters" have taken up arms against bad cuisine. After destroying most fast food chains, they set their sights on America's favorite. Pizza. In their own incredibly efficient manner, they begin to undermine all pizzerias. Through collective effort, pizza places find ways to stay open, despite all the bad publicity being thrown on them. Eventually, the inevitable happens; a longtime player in the pizza market has to close up shop. This triggers an immediate reaction from everyone left open, and they call an emergency meeting. Despite all their brainstorming, not one person in attendance can think of a way out. Panic ensues. They start to realize their fate. The Clean-Eaters have won, and with one down, they will all fall like Domino's.
303	adjudicated	reference	Title: Did you hear who Deez Nuts is picking as a running mate?  Body: Shaft.
50	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: A woman sees her Chinese doctor...  Body: A woman sees her Chinese love doctor, Dr. Chen, after she hasn't been able to find a date for over two years.   The woman says, "Dr. Chen, I'm desparate. I can't find a date for the life of me! Can you check if there is anything wrong with me?"  Dr. Chen replies in his thick Chinese accent, "Ok Miss, start off by stripping naked. Then get on your hands and knees, and crawl across the room."  The woman, confused, does as she is asked: strips down and begins to crawl. Dr. Chen thinks outloud, "Hmm... Yes I think I know what it is".   "What is it!"  "Crawl back to the wall one more time". The woman does as she's asked. Then the doctor says, "I know what your problem is."  The woman excitedly asks: "You know why I haven't been able to get a date for the past months?"  "Yes, I do. You have Ed Zachary disease."  "Ed Zachary disease? What is that?" The woman asks.   In his thick Chinese accident, the doctor answers: "It's when your face look Ed Zachary like your ass."
199	adjudicated	misplaced_focus	Title: Interviewer: You said you are quick in mathematics, could you tell me what is a two hundred and fifty times eighty whole divided by sixty nine?  Body: Man: Six thousand eight hundred and fourty five.  Interviewer: Hm... that's not the right answer...  Man: But i'm quick.
297	adjudicated	character	Title: Little Johnny was feeling sorry  Body: Teacher: "Anyone who thinks he's stupid may stand up!" *Nobody stands up* Teacher: "Im sure there are some stupid students over here!!" *Little Johnny stands up*  Teacher: "Ohh, Johnny you think you're stupid?"  Little Johnny: "No... i just feel bad that you're standing alone..."
131	adjudicated	irony	Title: 3 guys stranded on an island  Body: , they find a magic Lamp.. the first guy makes a wish .. I wish I was off this island and be with my wife and children..POOF Hes at home with wife and kids ..2nd guy wishes he was in vegas with a bunch of women and lots of money POOF he's in Vegas .. 3rd Guy Grabs the lamp Dam I miss My friends... POOF
120	adjudicated	reference	Title: Subway...I don't know whats worse..  Body: What Jared did or you raising your Februany $5 footlong to 6$.
358	adjudicated	shock	Title: Parents are worried about two things these days  Body: 1. What their sons download  2. What their daughters upload
180	adjudicated	irony	Title: A man is talking to his best friend...  Body: He confides to him: "I haven't fucked my wife all month, the doctors discovered that she is carrying a strange virus that can leave me deaf if I have any sort of sexual intercourse with her".  The friend replies: "Talk louder man, I cannot hear you at all".
370	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What's the difference between hot blooded manslaughter and cold blooded premeditated murder  Body: A few degrees.
37	adjudicated	character	Title: Donald Trump said that all the Mexicans he meets love him...  Body: they are always telling him he is a cool arrow.
160	adjudicated	irony	Title: Prostitute Parrots  Body: A lady approaches her priest and tells him, "Father, I have a problem. I have two female talking parrots, but they only know how to say one thing."   "What do they say?" the priest inquired.   "They only know how to say, 'Hi, we're prostitutes. 'Want to have some fun?'"   "That's terrible!" the priest exclaimed, "but I have a solution to your problem. Bring your two female parrots over to my house and I will put them with my two male talking parrots whom I taught to pray and read the bible. My parrots will teach your parrots to stop saying that terrible phrase and your female parrots will learn to praise and worship."   "Thank you!" the woman responded.   The next day the woman brings her female parrots to the priest's house. His two male parrots are holding rosary beads and praying in their cage. The lady puts her two female parrots in with the male parrots and the female parrots say,"Hi, we're prostitutes, want to have some fun?"   One male parrot looks over at the other male parrot and exclaims, "Put the beads away. Our prayers have been answered!"
4	adjudicated	character	Title: Someone call for a religious joke  Body: A Daoist monk, a Father, and a Priest talking about how to cleanse their temples that have been overridden with squirrels. the monk says "Well, I decided that it is Gods will for the squirrels to be there so I left them alone". The Father says "I spread fox urine around which worked for a week, but the squirrels wised up so they came back". The Priest exclaimed "I got rid of them! I caught each one, then baptized them so they only come back on Christmas and Easter!"
93	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Did you hear the one about the constipated mathematician?  Body: He worked it out with a pencil.
304	adjudicated	irony	Title: Did you see that blind guy walking down the street?  Body: No? Well he didn't see you either.
188	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What Do You See When Pillsbury Doughboy Bends Over?  Body: Donuts
374	adjudicated	character	Title: Wanna hear a funny joke?  Body: President Trump...
453	adjudicated	analogy	Title: What do Kermit the Frog and David Cameron Have in Common?  Body: They both like to pork.
94	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Why did the kettle get the job rather than the bowl?  Body: Because he had senioriTEA!
468	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What do sprinters eat before a race?  Body: Nothing, they fast.
292	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: I hear that diarrhea is hereditary.  Body: It runs in your genes.
340	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Which political party do the letters A through Y affiliate with.  Body: The Not-Z Party
407	adjudicated	irony	Title: What is worse than getting a wrong call at 3 AM in the morning?  Body: Getting a right call.
408	adjudicated	character	Title: A Jewish guy goes to his Rabbi  Body: A Jewish guy goes to his Rabbi and says: "RABBI RABBI! you're not going to believe what happened to me! My son turned Christian and left the house!"  The Rabbi says: "Well, you're not going to believe what happened to me! MY son turned Christian and Left the house."  "Well, what are we going to do?!" Asked the man.  "Let's pray to God and ask him for advice" the Rabbi answers.  They both look up and say: "God, God, you're not going to believe what happened to us! Both our sons turned Christian and left the house"  God responds: "well, you're not going to believe what happened to ME!"
187	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What do you call a group of scientologist almonds?  Body: Nuts.
334	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What do you call a jellyfish on a plane?  Body: A flightoplankton.
213	adjudicated	misplaced_focus	Title: My friend sent her photo to the lonely hearts club  Body: They sent it back saying they weren't *that* lonely
127	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: A psychic midget escaped from prison.  Body: He was a small medium at large.
11	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What religion do ghosts practice?  Body: Boo-ddhism
6	adjudicated	reference	Title: Just cracked Forest Gump's password.  Body: 1forest1
442	adjudicated	misplaced_focus	Title: My downstairs neighbor was yelling and banging on the ceiling until 3 AM  Body: Did that bother you?    Not much.  I was up til about the same time practicing my trumpet.
246	adjudicated	meta_humor	Title: I always have and always will...  Body: resent my inability to let go of my grudges. ^^^:o
396	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: The Friars  Body: Some friars were behind on their belfry payments, so  they opened up a small florist shop to raise the funds.   Since everyone liked to buy flowers from the men of  God, the rival florist across town thought the competition  was unfair. He asked the good fathers to close down, but  they would not. He went back and begged the friars to close.  They ignored him. He asked his mother to go and ask the  friars to get out of business. They ignored her, too.   So, the rival florist hired Hugh MacTaggart, the roughest  and most vicious thug in town, to "persuade" them to close.  Hugh beat up the friars and trashed their store, saying he'd  be back if they didn't close shop. Terrified, the friars did so,  thereby proving that . . .   Hugh, and only Hugh, can prevent florist friars.
425	adjudicated	shock	Title: Mommy...can I pee in...??  Body: The mother of a 5 year old boy ring bearer is getting married today with her 7 years boyfriend Dick in a church full of friends and relatives. Right after the boy handed the ring to his mom, the boy asked his mom politely.   "Mommy,  I need to pee pee."  The mother responded, "ok honey, just a few more minutes and we are done."   5 minutes later and still not done....the little boy asked again,  "Mommy, i can't hold it any longer, can I pee in the corner?"  The mother got a bit irritated at the son and raised the voice a bit, "NO! peeing in the corner is not right!"  Some of the relatives and friends mumbles in the background because feeling sorry for the boy because he's just a kid.  Then out of nowhere, the little boy asks his mom again, "Mommy, then can you open your mouth and let me pee in it?"  The mom and some of the friends and relatives gasps over what the boy asked. The mom quickly responded.  "Of course NO! that's gross."  Seconds later, the boy asks, "but how come Dick get to pee in your mouth?"  then the rest is a dead silence....
345	adjudicated	shock	Title: Germany Cracks Down on Muslim Sex Attacks By Giving Girls ‘No’ Tattoos  Body: Other choices include "No Anal" "No Creampies" "No Bukkake"
89	adjudicated	hyperbole	Title: Did you know that too much Viagra can also make you confused? Yeah - it happened to this stand-up comic - he told the room ...  Body: Thank you very much, I 'll be hard all week ...
426	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What's the hardest part about a fat nun's job?  Body: Getting into the habit
26	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: A Really Tasty Ear of Corn  Body: How do you describe a really tasty ear of corn? It is a-maize-ing.
77	adjudicated	shock	Title: Say what you want about deaf people...  Body:
184	adjudicated	shock	Title: When do you kick a midget in the balls?  Body: When he's standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice.
262	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Eschew pretentious poses.  Body: The boy who farted laughing gas,  eschewed pretentious poses. He thought those who called him vulgar, had boogers in their noses.
207	adjudicated	irony	Title: did you hear the one about the deaf guy?  Body: niether did he.
182	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What do you call an Italian guy wearing a flourescent track suit?  Body: A DayGlo Dago
95	adjudicated	analogy	Title: Caffeine is like my psycho girlfriend.  Body: As long as we're together everything is great, but if I ignore it for one day, it tries to kill me.
100	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Dr. Who knock knock joke  Body: Knock knock    Who is it?     **Doctor.**     Doctor who?     **YES**
419	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: I used to work as a corset make for about twenty years  Body: But I had to give it up, the work was too constraining.
394	adjudicated	shock	Title: Little Johnny's mother sent Little Johnny to the store to get a loaf of bread.  Body: Little Johnny's is coming home from the store swinging the loaf of bread in one hand and the other hand in his pants pocket.  Along come Priest Joe and he thinks to himself, "This is a good opportunity to say something from the Bible to Little Johnny."  He walks up to Little Johnny and says, "I see Little Johnny that you have the Staff of Life in one hand. What do you have in the other?"  Little Johnny replies, "A loaf of bread Father."
155	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Life is a garden...  Body: Sometimes you have to put a hand on a hoe.
230	adjudicated	reference	Title: Hand holding:  Body: You know why men hold their wife's/ girlfriend's hand in shopping malls?   Because if he doesn't , she will shop.
362	adjudicated	character	Title: Three guys in a hot air baloon  Body: Three guys (Asian, American, and a Mexican) are on a hot air balloon trying to get back home. Something punctured the hot air balloon so now its going down really fast. The three guys decided to throw stuff that they don't need away so the balloon won't fall down too fast. The Asian threw away rice and said, "I have a lot of this in my country." The Mexican threw away beans and said, "I have a lot of this in my country." The American threw over the Mexican. The Asian was like, "Why did you do that for?" The American said, "We have a lot of these in my country."
237	adjudicated	shock	Title: A man passing through a rural village walks into the local tavern...  Body: A man passing through a rural village walks into the local tavern. He sits down and is soon greeted by the bartender. The bartender pours him a beer as he sees the man admiring the craftsmanship of the bar.  "You see this bar?" asks the bartender. "I crafted this with my own two hands. I cut the timber myself, I chiseled it myself, and sanded it myself. But do you think anyone calls me Joe the Carpenter? No, no. They don't."  The man shakes his head, sympathizing with the bartender, and continues to drink his beer as the bartender points out the window. "You see that rock wall around the entrance?" The man nodded. "I built that too. I found the stone myself. I carried it all the way to town. I mixed the mortar and I laid and shaped the stone all on my own. It's a beautiful wall and I am very proud of it. But do you think anyone calls me Joe the Stonemason?" the bartender asked, "No! Nobody calls me that!"  "But I fuck ONE goat..."  Edit: word
353	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: A few months ago I started seeing this girl that said she was bi  Body: I didn't think much of it until I found out she meant bi-polar
85	adjudicated	shock	Title: If a single stick is called a "fag", and a bundle of "fags" is called a "faggot", then what do you call a group of "faggots"?  Body: A "subreddit"
323	adjudicated	shock	Title: Ever since Peter was rejected by another girl again, I feel nervous every time he enters the school building.  Body: But I'm sure he brings that gun for self-defense purpose.
171	adjudicated	reference	Title: Why did the producers of 007 films use government debt to fund their newest film?  Body: Because interest in the Bond is so low.
393	adjudicated	shock	Title: Why shouldn't we talk about Catholic Priests?  Body: It's a touchy subject.
153	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Why did Princess Di cross the road?  Body: Interia
313	adjudicated	shock	Title: Calling for backup  Body: A policeman patrolling Kings Cross spots a huge black guy dancing on the roof of a Ford Sierra. He gets on the radio and calls for backup. "What's the situation?" "A big fat darkie is dancing on a car roof."You can't say that over the radio!" replies the operator, "You have to use the correct terminology as they taught you on the radio course at the police academy" "OK" he says, "Kilo... Zulu.... Tango.... Sierra...."
38	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Japan just had an earthquake, I saw it on TV.  Body: It was a ground breaking news
392	adjudicated	shock	Title: I masturbated so good last night, when I woke up, my dick was making breakfast.  Body:
69	adjudicated	reference	Title: What did one orphan say to the other?  Body: Robin, Get the batmobile!
106	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Two Deer in a Gay Bar  Body: Two deer walk out of a gay bar ones says to the other, " I can't believe I just blew thirty bucks in there"
348	adjudicated	reference	Title: George Zimmerman knock knock joke  Body: Person 1:Knock knock.  Person 2: Who's there?  Person 1: George Zimmerman.  Person 2: George Zimmerman who?  Person 1: Ok good you're automatically on that jury.
489	adjudicated	misplaced_focus	Title: So I went to a convention with my dad...  Body: We got there and looked at the line, my dad said "Wow, this is way longer than I expected it to be"!!  The last time I heard those words I was at the doctor getting a physical.
428	adjudicated	shock	Title: I only date black girls...  Body: Because I hate meeting fathers.
158	adjudicated	shock	Title: What Do You Call an Epileptic in a Pile of Leaves?  Body: Russell
31	adjudicated	reference	Title: How amphetamine addiction is called?  Body: Need for Speed.
244	adjudicated	shock	Title: Are you a Watermelon?  Body: 'Cos I'd put my dick in you
8	adjudicated	reference	Title: Amanda Knox Really Tempted by Mysterious Sweepstakes Offer of All Expenses Paid Trip to Italy  Body: "Vacations abroad are a lot like roads trips. You're all excited and rearing to go at first, but by the time you're done, you feel like you've spent four years in jail for a crime you didn't commit," Knox said. "But you'll always have those memories and those friends you met along the way, who you may or may not have murdered in a crazed sex game."
267	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Q: Why is air a ton like sex? A: Because it's no major ordeal unless you're not getting any.  Body:
485	adjudicated	character	Title: What goes "clip-clop-clip-clop-bang?"  Body: An Amish drive by.
233	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Why didn't the grizzly bear dissolve?  Body: Because he wasn't polar
261	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What did the Terminator say when he decided to take up piano?  Body: I'll be bach.
401	adjudicated	character	Title: How many internet users does it take to change a light-bulb?  Body: I dunno. Let's just sign a petition so that hopefully somebody will do it.
291	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Windows 9  Body: Why didn't Microsoft release Windows 9? Because Windows 7 8 9.
198	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Priest does a crossword puzzle  Body: A gentleman sits next to a priest on an airplane. He sees the priest doing a crossword puzzle.  Time passes and the priest says, "Excuse me, sir, but do you know a four letter word that describes a woman and ends in 'u-n-t'?"  The gentleman thinks about this and finally says, "I believe the word you're looking for is 'aunt.'"  The priest replies, "Oh, you're right. That fits, too. Would you happen to have an eraser?"
132	adjudicated	meta_humor	Title: What did the Frenchman say to the Englishman  Body: An Englishman is telling a joke to a Frenchman, he says what did the Frenchman say to the Englishman. The Frenchman says he doesn't know, but the Englishman insists that he guesses.  After a few frustrated guesses the Frenchman eventually caves in, annoyed that the Englishman doesn't seem to understand how jokes work.  'I give up'  The Englishman smiles and walks off.  [original joke I just made up, [f]irst time]
324	adjudicated	shock	Title: A husband and wife are celebrating their 30th anniversary .....  Body: As the wife stands naked in front of her husband she says 'Do you remember what you said to me on our wedding night?'    Husband replies 'Yes, I said I wanted to suck your tits dry and fuck your brains out'.   The wife says 'And looking at me now, what do you think?'  The husband looks at his naked wife and says 'I think I did a pretty good job'.
322	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What's it called when two strains of a disease are identical?  Body: plague-arism
2	adjudicated	character	Title: Paddy the irishman gets a job  Body: Paddy and his friend were hired to install telegraph poles.   After his first day his boss approaches and asks how many poles he put down yesterday.   paddy says "2"   "2!!" says his boss, "My other guys can put 10-15 poles in a day"   "yes, but do you see how far theirs are sticking out of the ground"
18	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Why didn't Barbie and Ken's relationship work out?  Body: Because Ken always came in another box.
488	adjudicated	shock	Title: A clown and a young boy are walking through a dark woods...  Body: Holding hands the boy turns to the clown and says "Mr. Clown I sure am scared!" The clown says to the boy "You're scared? I'm the one that has to walk out of here alone!"
263	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: I got lost in a closet as a child...  Body: When I came out, my parents, although supportive, really weren't that happy.
76	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What do you call two women standing side by side?  Body: Four abreast!
253	adjudicated	analogy	Title: Song lyrics, then and now.  Body: THEN  **Led Zeppelin - Stairway to Heaven**  And as we wind on down the road  Our shadows taller than our soul.  There walks a lady we all know  Who shines white light and wants to show  How everything still turns to gold.  And if you listen very hard  The tune will come to you at last.  When all are one and one is all  To be a rock and not to roll.  ...  AND NOW  **Rebecca Black - Friday**  Yesterday was Thursday, Thursday  Today i-is Friday, Friday  We-we-we so excited  We so excited  We gonna have a ball today  Tomorrow is Saturday  And Sunday comes after ... wards
314	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: A pair of jumper cables walk into a bar...  Body: A pair of jumper cables walk into a bar. Immediately, the bartender walks up and says: "Hey! You guys can hang out here...just don't try and start anything."
351	adjudicated	character	Title: M&M's  Body: Sometimes, whenever I eat M&Ms, I like to hold two m&m's in between my fingers and squeeze as hard as I can until one m&m cracks. I eat the cracked one, and the one that didn't crack becomes the champion. Then I grab the other m&m, and force it to compete with the champion in this deadly game of m&m gladiators. I do this until I run out of m&m's, and when there is only one m&m left standing, I send a letter to m&m's brand with the champion m&m in it with a note attached that reads: "Please use this m&m for breeding purposes."
471	adjudicated	madcap	Title: Some things you just can't explain.  Body: A farmer was sitting in the neighborhood bar getting drunk. A man came in and asked the farmer, "Hey, why are you sitting here on this beautiful day, getting drunk?" The farmer shook his head and replied, "Some things you just can't explain."  "So what happened that's so horrible?" the man asked as he sat down next to the farmer. "Well," the farmer said, "today I was sitting by my cow, milking her. Just as I got the bucket full, she lifted her left leg and kicked over the bucket."  "Okay," said the man, "but that's not so bad." "Some things you just can't explain," the farmer replied. "So what happened then?" the man asked. The farmer said, "I took her left leg and tied it to the post on the left." "And then?"  "Well, I sat back down and continued to milk her. Just as I got the bucket full, she took her right leg and kicked over the bucket."  The man laughed and said, "Again?" The farmer replied, "Some things you just can't explain."   "So, what did you do then?" the man asked.  "I took her right leg this time and tied it to the post on the right." "And then?" "Well, I sat back down and began milking her again. Just as I got the bucket full, the stupid cow knocked over the bucket with her tail."  "Hmmm," the man said and nodded his head. "Some things you just can't explain," the farmer said. "So, what did you do?" the man asked.  "Well," the farmer said, "I didn't have anymore rope, so I took off my belt and tied her tail to the rafter. In that moment, my pants fell down and my wife walked in ... Some things you just can't explain."
143	adjudicated	irony	Title: Mafia attorney  Body: A Mafia Godfather finds out that his bookkeeper has cheated him out of ten million bucks. His bookkeeper is deaf. That was the reason he got the job in the first place. It was assumed that a deaf bookkeeper would not hear anything that he might have to testify about in court.  When the Godfather goes to confront the bookkeeper about his missing $10 million, he brings along his attorney, who knows sign language.  The Godfather tells the lawyer, "Ask him where the 10 million bucks he embezzled from me is."  The attorney, using sign language, asks the bookkeeper where the money is.  The bookkeeper signs back , "I don't know what you are talking about."  The attorney tells the Godfather, "He says he doesn't know what you're talking about."  The Godfather pulls out a pistol, puts it the bookkeeper's temple and says, "Ask him again!"  The attorney signs to the bookkeeper, "He'll kill you if you don't tell him!"  The bookkeeper signs back, "OK! You win! The money is in a brown briefcase, buried behind the shed in my cousin Enzo's backyard in Queens!"  The Godfather asks the attorney, "Well, what'd he say?"  The attorney replies, "He says you don't have the guts to pull the trigger."
449	adjudicated	reference	Title: I am voting for Hillary...  Body: She did so well as president her first 2 terms.
66	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Guess What My Friend Said Once They Discovered The Existence of Gravitational Waves?  Body: Friend: Good, now they will make microwaves that cook my chicken fingers faster.   Say what now?
179	adjudicated	shock	Title: I had a Muslim co-worker named ...  Body: Christian
133	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: LA police are hunting for a man after 12 people were stabbed in the ass...  Body: LA police are hunting for a man after 12 people were stabbed in the ass with a knitting needle tonight.   The motive is unclear, but they believe the attacker is following some kind of pattern...
144	adjudicated	irony	Title: I have kids now...  Body: Their parents must be angry.
406	adjudicated	reference	Title: Trump is just like the rest of us  Body: Melania puts his pants on one leg at a time
280	adjudicated	irony	Title: A housewife takes a lover during the day, while her husband is at work. Not aware that 9 year old son was hiding in the closet. Her husband came home unexpectedly, so she hid her lover in the closet. The boy now has company.  Body: Boy: "Dark in here."   Man: "Yes it is."   Boy: "I have a baseball."   Man: "That's nice."   Boy: "Want to buy it?"   Man: "No, thanks."   Boy: "That's my dad outside."   Man: "How much did you say the baseball was again?"   Boy: "$250."    In the next few weeks, it happens again that the boy and the mom's lover are in the closet together.   Boy: "Dark in here."   Man: "Yes, it is."   Boy: "I have a baseball glove."   Man: "That's nice."   Boy: "Want to buy it?"   Man: "No, thanks."   Boy: "I think I just remembered something I needed to tell my dad."   Man: "How much did you say the glove was again?"   Boy: "$750."   Man: "Fine."    A few days later, the father says to the boy, "Grab your glove. Let's go outside and toss the baseball!"   The boy says, "I can't. I sold them."   The father asks, "How much did you sell them for?"   The son says, "$1,000."   The father says, "It's terrible to over-charge your friends like that. That is way more than those two things cost. I'm going to take you to church and make you confess."    They go to church and the father alerts the priest and makes the little boy sit in the confession booth and closes the door.   The boy says, "Dark in here."   The priest says, "Don't start that shit again."
269	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: I'm so ugly...  Body: I can't even turn on a lamp
466	adjudicated	parody	Title: What's green and smells like bacon?  Body: Kermit the Frog's fingers.
208	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Chess convention  Body: There was a big chess convention in town, and all the best chess players stayed at one hotel. They had practice games in the lobby and bragged about how good they were. The bragging soon got out of hand, so the manager kicked them out. The janitor asked the manager why he kicked them out, and he replied, "I'm tired of chess nuts boasting in an open foyer."
145	adjudicated	reference	Title: Some one destroyed the punchline to my Beastie Boys joke earlier..  Body: I'm tellin' y'all, it was a sabotage
432	adjudicated	character	Title: A rabbi and a catholic priest...  Body: Are walking down the street, when they pass an ice cream store full of ten yearold boys.  The priest turns to the rabbi and whispers "hey let's go in there and fuck all those little boys!"  "OK," the rabbi says.  "But outta what?"
277	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: After a long time of procrastination I read that book about the 4th dimension.  Body: It's about time...
341	adjudicated	shock	Title: A german teenager plans a trip to Paris.  Body: One day, before the trip, he visits his grandfather, where he mentions his plan.  "Ach, Paris!" - he replies - "I've been there once! Wonderful city!"  "Really? Can you tell me some good places to visit?"  "Sure I can! There is a small street, more like an alley, right next to the Eiffel Tower. There is this amazing restaurant! The best french dishes are served there. And the best part: it's free for germans!"  "I never thought that! I must check it out!"  "Oh, and after that, just a couple of blocks away, there is this winery! My god, the best wines in all of France are served there! Oh, and it's also free for germans!"  "This is even better! But are there any other fun places to visit, that is free for germans?"  "Oh, I know what you are thinking about, my grandson! There is this brothel, on the other side of the Eiffel Tower! The prettiest ladies are waiting for any wish of yours! And it's free for germans!"  The teenager is super excited. A week passes, and he goes back to his granddad, who sees he looks in pretty bad shape.  "Dear Lord, my grandson! What happened to you?"  "Oh, granddad! Something wasn't right! We went to this restaurant with my friends. When they gave me the bill, I told them it's free for me, since I'm german. They slapped me in the face so bad, it still hurts!"  "Oh, my! What else?"  "Then, we visited this winery! We hoped to get some decent service, but when they heard we didn't want to pay, because it's free for us, they kicked us out so bad my ass still hurts!"  "That sounds horrible!"  "But wait... there's more. You see, after two beatings we hoped we get a consolation at the brothel. We had a good time, but when we didn't want to pay they beat us up so bad, all of my limbs hurt even to this day!"  "I just can't imagine what went so wrong! Which traveling agency did you pay for your trip?"  "The one right across the street!"  "Oh, that's right. I used to go there with the Waffen SS..."
465	adjudicated	character	Title: Don't go to Canada  Body: Or you'll be sorry
317	adjudicated	madcap	Title: A police officer pulls a man over for driving all over the road...  Body: ...and discovers the man has clearly been drinking.  Officer: "You'll have to come with me for a breathalyzer test, sir."  Man: "I'm afraid I can't do that officer, I'm ams-- *hic* alths-- I'm asthmatic.  I could have an episode."  O: "I see. In that case, I'll need to take you down to the station for a blood test."  M: "I can't do that either, see, because I'm a helmpho-- a hemophiliac. I could bleed out."  O: "*sigh*... okay, just stand right there and hold your arms out to your sides, tilt your head straight back, and touch your nose with your right index finger."  M: "I'm afraid I can't do that either, because I.................."  O: "What, you have vertigo?"  M: "Yes! Sorry, I can't think very fast after 14 beers!"
17	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What do you call a Texan who just had sex?  Body: A jolly rancher.  Credit goes to my friend at school.
448	adjudicated	character	Title: A man goes to confession  Body: A man goes to confession. He begins, "Forgive me Father for I have sinned. I... I THINK I may have committed adultery. But I'm not really sure of the rules." He explained.   "Tell me what happened, son." Answered the priest.  "Well. I went out for drinks with my co-workers. My wife wasn't there. Eventually one thing led to another and I found myself flirting with a female coworker of mine who I was really attracted to. I thought about having sex with her... but I decided against it and so I left asap!"  "Of course that's adultery!" exclaimed the priest. "Just thinking about putting it in is the same as actually putting it in! Now to be forgiven, pray 10 Our Fathers and put $100 in the donation box on your way out!"  So the man went into the pews and prayed his 10 Our Fathers. Then on his way out, he stopped by the donation box, and then headed for the door. But before he could leave, the priest stopped him.  "Son, I saw that you prayed your Our Fathers, and I saw that you went over to the donation box, but I didn't see you make a donation."  The man replied, "But Father, I thought about putting it in which is the same as actually putting it in."
20	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: I guess you can call 2chainz...  Body: A master debater... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
130	adjudicated	shock	Title: I like my women like I like my coffee.  Body: Given away for free at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting.
238	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: I hate Russian dolls.  Body: They're so full of themselves.
296	adjudicated	character	Title: How many Germans does it take to screw in a Lightbulb?  Body: **One.**  **Germans are very efficient and not very funny.**  *Source: My co-worker.*   *I'm German and I approve this message.*
286	adjudicated	character	Title: Inmates Running the Asylum  Body: A guy is walking past a big wooden fence at the insane asylum and he hears all the residents inside chanting, "Thirteen! Thirteen! Thirteen!   Quite curious about this, he finds a hole in the fence, and looks in. Someone inside pokes him in the eye. Then everyone inside the asylum starts chanting, "Fourteen! Fourteen! Fourteen!"
336	adjudicated	character	Title: Some musician related jokes  Body: Why can't a clarinet player keep a girlfriend? Whenever they start talking dirty, his voice cracks.  Why can't a French horn player keep a girlfriend? Whenever they start making out, his hand goes to the wrong place.  What do you call a euphonium player who isn't part of a military band? Unemployed  How many tuba players does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two, one to hold it in place and the other to play pedal tones until the world starts to spin.  A 6th grader decides he wants to play tuba and his parents find a world-class private teacher who hosts hour-long lessons at his house. The first day, after the lesson, the teacher drives the kid home and he runs to his parents and says "I learned how to play the note Bb today!". The second day, the same thing happens but the kid had learned to play an F. The third day the kid doesn't come home. The parents wait until an hour after he was supposed to be back and call the teacher, asking where the kid is. The teacher replies "He's at his first gig".  How do you make a guitarist play quieter? Put sheet music in front of him.  What does a gig opportunity for a trombonist have in common with Christmas? They both only come once a year.  How do you know a singer is at the door? Can't find the key and doesn't know when to come in.  How do you get two piccolo players to play in tune? Shoot one of them.  How do you get two oboe players to play in tune? Shoot both of them.  What's the difference between rock and jazz? Rock plays four chords for an audience of millions, jazz plays millions of chords for an audience of four.
300	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: I know 25 letters of the alphabet really well...  Body: ...I don't know why.
149	adjudicated	shock	Title: The British have unknowingly figuered out politics  Body: Countries or as the British call it "Cunt-Trees", as the name suggests, are trees that grow Cunts. When the Cunt-Tree sprouts it takes some time for it to reach the age where it can bare fruit. Eventually the Cunt-Tree will be full of cunts and some of cunts will reach full maturity and start to fall and be noticed. When people notice that the cunt tree is full of cunts they shake the tree as the cunt fruit is known to spoil the soil and poison the animals. The bigger the Cunt-Tree, the more difficult it is to shake the cunts off or get rid of the tree completely. The people's rejoice over their victory over the cunts is short lived as the Cunt-Tree will inevitably grow back a new set of cunts.  -Bluemountainbike
203	adjudicated	shock	Title: A man sees a blonde across the river.  Body: Man: How do I get to the other side?  Blonde: You are on the other side.
387	adjudicated	character	Title: Now that you know, would you ever yell at a parrot?  Body: Her windows were broken as a result of burglary so she called a window repair man for help. Since she couldn't be there, she told the repairman: > I'll leave my key under the potted plant. Fix the windows and leave the bill on the counter. I'll wire the money over to your account tomorrow.  > FYI, my dog Butch shouldn't bother you. But mind the parrot. **Do NOT** talk to the parrot.  When the repairman arrived, he saw biggest, most intimidating dog he'd ever seen. But the dog never approached him, just like the lady said.   The parrot was another story. The parrot screeched profanities at him and repeatedly called him a "horse-shit snorting faggot" with a "tiny-ass dick". The man briefly wondered whether the lady taught the parrot those phrases specifically. The repairman was a very patient man. But soon enough he lost his temper and yelled at the bird, "Shut the hell up!"  To which the parrot responded, "Fetch the balls, Butch!"
398	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: A young British lad finishes his shift down in the pits...  Body: Walking into town, pickaxe over his shoulder, he finds himself craving a beer. Much to his dismay, however, every pub seems to be closed. Moving onward, he noticed that the local Conservative club's door is open. Somewhat reluctantly he walks inside and asks the man at the bar within for a pint.  "Sorry," the bartender replied, "we don't serve miners."
190	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: A man was about to tell a group of zoophiliacs a story  Body: about when he tried to have sex with a cow when one of the men got up and began to walk out, saying, "It's just another cock and bull story isn't it?"
201	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: So..I just broke up with Jim.  Body: We were just not working out.
418	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Two Centaurs  Body: Two centaurs are playing rough and things getting heated. Are they man-handling each other or just horsing around?
14	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Did you hear about that actress that got stabbed the other day?  Body: What was her name, Reese...  > Witherspoon?  No, it was with a knife.
55	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What do delinquent shapes get up to?  Body: Shenanigons
75	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: There was a failed art theft today...  Body: the robber reportedly was foiled because he didn't have enough Monet for Degas to make the Van Gogh.
284	adjudicated	irony	Title: My wife and i were happy for 20 years.  Body: Then we met.
39	adjudicated	hyperbole	Title: Your mama's so stupid  Body: She killed herself for life insurance
391	adjudicated	misplaced_focus	Title: The other day, I died and went to hell...  Body: (Note: replace the name 'Jim' with the name of someone in the group that you're telling this joke to)  The other day Jim and I were walking around town when, out of nowhere, we get run over by a truck and die, and we both go straight to hell.  In hell, I'm greeted by the devil, who tells me that I have two choices: I can either stay in hell being tortured for all of eternity, or I can have sex with the ugliest women there, and if I'm able to finish, I'll be free to go.  I think this over, and figure how ugly could she be? And I agree to give it a try.  So Satan leads me to this little bedroom, and tells me to make myself comfortable. So I strip down to my socks and sit on the bed to wait for my partner to arrive.  Soon, I hear on a booming knock on the door, and in comes the ugliest woman in Hell. Trust me when I tell you: whatever you're picturing, this woman is infinitely worse.  Her face (if you can call it a face) was covered in oozing sores, eyes so sunken back in her head I wondered if they had fallen out, her mouth half filled with the jagged remains of teeth, and a mess of thick wirey hairs poked out from her chin. Even from across the room her breath hit me harder than the truck that sent me there in the first place.  Her body was hunched and lumpy - I honestly couldn't tell which lumps were which parts of her anatomy, even after she had removed her clothes. It was just a heap of flesh and lard that looked like it had never been washed in the hundred and fifty or so years that it looked like she'd been alive.  She walked to the bed, grunting something that I took to mean that it was time to get started.  My penis had shot back into my body like a turtle head, but I knew that my only chance of escaping an eternity of torment was to finish this deed.  So, I closed my eyes, held my breath, and with intense concentration, I was able to get half an erection, and the she-beast climbed on top.  Let me tell you, even with my eyes closed and breath held, there was no escaping the texture. The thick, pungent, sticky... stuff down there made it difficult to keep from vomiting. But I just went into a zen state, imagined it was just a congealed and rotting cheese sandwich, and after a while, I had the most unwilling orgasm of my life (or afterlife).  The thing left the room, and the devil walked in, amazed that I was able to complete the task, as many had tried, but none had yet succeeded. But he agreed to keep his end of the bargain, and led me out the door.  As we were walking toward the exit, we passed another bedroom door, and through it I saw Jim, having sex with Jennifer Lawrence.  "Whoah, Satan," I said, "What the heck? I had to have sex with that creature, but Jim gets to have sex with Jennifer Lawrence?"  "Well, sure," said Satan, "Jennifer Lawrence wants to get out of here, too."
460	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: In the Chinese version of "Fight Club" the main character thought he had befriended a crazy anarchist.  Body: Turns out he was Wong the whole time.
257	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Hillary Clinton doesn't suck!  Body: Just ask Bill
178	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Currently, the Olympic host country has...  Body: One brazillian medals.
212	adjudicated	hyperbole	Title: "My bad" and "I'm sorry" mean the same thing  Body: Unless you're at a funeral.
472	adjudicated	irony	Title: 25% of the women in this country are on medication for mental illness. That's scary...  Body: It means 75% are running around untreated.
420	adjudicated	shock	Title: Lol  Body: "I'm not a pervert, I'm just a connoisseur of ass and titties." My response after a female co-worker called me a pervert for commenting on a customer's ass as she walked past us.
67	adjudicated	irony	Title: Why did Poland lose to Germany so quickly in WW2?  Body: They had to many resources dedicated to screwing in light bulbs.  -credit goes to Joe, he will beat me up otherwise
99	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What do you call a depressed dog swimming in a pool?  Body: A watermeloncollie.
476	adjudicated	shock	Title: Woke up to a surprise blowjob this morning  Body: Guess I better learn to sleep with my mouth closed
97	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: How cute does someone have to be for sparks to fly?  Body: Electro*cute*
196	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What do kids yell at old people who are just trying to play?  Body: GET OFF MY LAN!
339	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: I used to have a job impersonating a German composer.  Body: Bach in the day!.  (I take no credit for this - as I read it in a magazine)
288	adjudicated	shock	Title: A mother is walking through the park with her daughter...  Body: when the mother spots two people having sex on a nearby bench. she tries to hide it from her daughter, but still she notices.   "mommy, what are those people doing?"  the mother thinks for a second.  "they're baking a cake, sweetheart."  the next day, the mother and daughter go to the zoo, where they happen to see two monkeys similarly going at it.  "mommy, are they baking a cake too?"  "yes sweetheart. let' go look at the crocodiles instead!"  the next morning, the little girl comes downstairs and sits next to her mother.  "mommy, did you and daddy bake a cake last night?"  "well, why do you ask?"  "I licked the frosting off the couch."
318	adjudicated	reference	Title: Wanna hear a joke?  Body: NA Counter Strike
457	adjudicated	hyperbole	Title: Yo mamma is so ugly  Body: when she tried to join an ugly contest they said, "Sorry, no professionals.
124	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What is it called when buckets of paint conspire with each other?  Body: A colour scheme.
242	adjudicated	misplaced_focus	Title: Woman goes into a dentist's office  Body: The Desk Clerk asks her to sit down. When the woman does, the Desk Clerk notices the woman is not wearing panties. Before calling her, he tells the Dentist about the woman's lack of undergarments.  When the Woman goes in and sits down, the Dentist proceeds to check in her mouth, when he looks in he says, "Ah, looking down into your mouth, I see that you're not wearing any panties." He chuckles at his own joke.  The Woman grimaces, then looks at him and says, "Well, do you want to look up my ass and see if I'm wearing a hat?"
42	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What do you call an angry reticle?  Body: A cross-hair
60	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Classic joke at my Catholic High School  Body: I went up to a man and said "Jesus is the messiah"  He said "No way"  I said "Yah-weh"
192	adjudicated	irony	Title: The Elephant  Body: In 1986, Peter Davies was on holiday in Kenya after graduating from Louisiana State University .   On a hike through the bush, he came across a young bull elephant standing with one leg raised in the air. The elephant seemed distressed, so Peter approached it very carefully. He got down on one knee, inspected the elephants foot, and found a large piece of wood deeply embedded in it. As carefully and as gently as he could, Peter worked the wood out with his knife, after which the elephant gingerly put down its foot.   The elephant turned to face the man and with a rather curious look on its face, stared at him for several tense moments. Peter stood frozen, thinking of nothing else but being trampled. Eventually the elephant trumpeted loudly, turned and walked away. Peter never forgot that elephant or the events of that day.   Twenty years later, Peter was walking through the Chicago Zoo with his teenaged son. As they approached the elephant enclosure, one of the creatures turned and walked over to near where Peter and his son Cameron were standing. The large bull elephant stared at Peter, lifted its front foot off the ground, then put it down. The elephant did that several times then trumpeted loudly, all the while staring at the man.   Remembering the encounter in 1986, Peter could not help wondering if this was the same elephant. Peter summoned up his courage, climbed over the railing and made his way into the enclosure. He walked right up to the elephant and stared back in wonder. The elephant trumpeted again, wrapped its trunk around one of Peter legs and slammed him against the railing, killing him instantly.   Probably wasn't the same fucking elephant
422	adjudicated	reference	Title: *Hott Girl's Facebook Status*  Body: *Hott Girl's Facebook Status* "Bored" -86 Likes -54 Comments  *My status* "Just got accepted into Harvard!" -0 Likes -1 Comment from Mom:"...Nerd"
266	adjudicated	shock	Title: A child asks his father:  Body: Why is grandpa running daddy?  Shut up son, and give me another shell.
254	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger  Body: then it hit me
384	adjudicated	analogy	Title: Snowballs  Body: Q: What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen?  A: Snowballs.
497	adjudicated	misplaced_focus	Title: Tourists  Body: I was walking in Amsterdam the other day, when near one of the canals I see a guy sitting on his knee's drinking from the water.  I start shouting "Dude!, you can't drink that! you'll die!" The guy looks up and says "wass sagen sie?" (What did you say?) In which I reply "Sie mussen mit zwei hander zum trinken" (You should use both hands to drink)
226	adjudicated	reference	Title: There's so many charities dedicated to bringing clean water to Africa, so instead I'm going to establish a charity to bring free Tidal subscriptions to Africa.  Body: I feel the people of Africa would appreciate some Lemonade for once.
495	adjudicated	analogy	Title: Life is a lot like a piece of toilet paper.  Body: You're either on a roll, or you're taking shit from some asshole.
113	adjudicated	reference	Title: Bad Luck Lincoln: Comes back from the dead, faces his fear by seeing a concert  Body: In Paris
19	adjudicated	reference	Title: What do you get when you cross Godzilla, saved by the bell, and crystal meth?  Body: Go go power rangers!
218	adjudicated	meta_humor	Title: I didn't know my dad was a construction site thief, but...  Body: ...when I got home all the signs were there
118	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Where is the best place to find hot grills?  Body: A barbecue
364	adjudicated	character	Title: Have you heard about the gay Chinese prostitute?  Body: He only does brojobs.
385	adjudicated	irony	Title: Maria, a maid, asks her boss for a raise.  Body:  Her boss is annoyed and asks, "Now, Maria, why do you think you deserve a raise?"    Maria: 'Well, Señora, there are three reasons why I want an raise. First, I iron better than you.'    Wife: 'Who said you iron better than me?'    Maria: 'Your husband said so.'    Wife: 'Oh.'    Maria: 'The second reason is that I am a better cook than you.'    Wife: 'Nonsense, who said you were a better cook than me?'    Maria: 'Your husband did.'    Wife: 'Oh.'    Maria: 'My third reason is that I am a better lover than you..'    The wife is obviously upset: 'Did my husband say that ?'    Maria: 'No, Señora, the gardener did.'    Wife: 'So, how much do you want?'
437	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: An honest lawyer.  Body: What do you call an honest lawyer?  An oxymoron.
293	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: People keep asking what I thought of my Oklahoma trip  Body: It was OK
493	adjudicated	analogy	Title: How are babies different from feminists ?  Body: Babies grow up and stop crying
378	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Wha do you call when a whale gets circumcised?  Body: A huge disappointment.   Edit: give me a T!
241	adjudicated	character	Title: A banker, a Greek and a German sit on a table ...  Body: There are ten cookies on that table. The banker takes nine and tells the German: "Watch out, the Greek so going to steal your cookie!"
446	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Give a man a fish, and he eats for a day  Body: Teach a Nigerian to phish and he'll become a prince.
435	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea?  Body: I've never paid to have a lentil on me.
27	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Did you hear about the new corduroy pillows?  Body: They are making headlines.
220	adjudicated	irony	Title: A short guide to extreme BDSM  Body: Some couples like what they have. Others want to experiment. This is a quick and simple (and dirty) tutorial for some extreme [BDSM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BDSM) play in a young couple's bedroom.  As far as special equipment goes... well, it'll become obvious as you read.  Step zero is deciding upon a safeword. Or several, just in case.  1. Tie your partner/sub to a chair. Firmly, but be sure not to cut off bloodstream. Soft rope, long pieces of cloth or velcro restraints all work. Just keep scissors at hand to cut through the restraint if it is needed.  2. Gag their mouth. Clean cloth or actual ball-gag, doesn't matter.  3. Start smooth jazz and begin some gentle foreplay.   4. After several minutes, take a break from that, grab their laptop and put it in front of them.  5. Start installing Windows Vista.  6. When the installation is finished, install McAfee Free Antivirus.  And that's all, folks!
469	adjudicated	shock	Title: Difference between twins  Body: I've fucked a set of twins. People have asked me how hard it was to tell them apart, but it was actually quite easy. You see, Caroline was a redhead with an amazing pair of tits, And frank had a cock.
86	adjudicated	irony	Title: My mother-in-law fell down a wishing well...  Body: I was amazed, I never knew they worked.
361	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: why did the cyclops close his school  Body: because he only had one pupil
103	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: The philosopher says the glass is half empty, the optimist says the glass is half full....  Body: The sjw says the glass is half-fluid.
481	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: I am the Walrus....ku-ku-ka-joo  Body: Q: Why did the Walrus go to the Tupperware Party?  A: he was looking for a Tight-Seal
25	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Tea makes everything great,even meth.  Body: Cos without T,meth is just meh.
307	adjudicated	character	Title: Magic Mirror  Body: A blackhaired woman, a brunette and a blonde are brought to a magic mirror that vibrates heavily when someone looks into it and tells a lie.  The blackhaired takes a seat in front of it and says: "I think that i will become very rich some day." The mirror begins vibrating.  The brunette then takes a seat in front of the mirror and says: "I think i am the most beautiful woman in the world." The mirror vibrates again.  After that the blonde goes up to the mirror, sits down in front of it and says:"I think..." The mirror breaks from vibration.
167	adjudicated	reference	Title: How can you tell Ronald McDonald at a nude beach?  Body: He's the one with sesame seed buns.
450	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: My ex-wife is a Virgo...  Body: But to me, she'll always be a Cancer...
475	adjudicated	reference	Title: I just started watching a documentary about Abu Hamza...  Body: I'm hooked!
410	adjudicated	shock	Title: A guy gets a motorcycle...  Body: He takes his wife for a road trip on the new bike.  He tells her, "If you need to stop for a restroom break, tap me twice on the shoulder.  If you want to have sex, tug on my penis once.  If you don't want to have sex, tug on it 157 times."
221	adjudicated	meta_humor	Title: What's a waste of time, wrapped up and is regular near Christmas?  Body: Shitty Christmas Jokes
416	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Do you want to hear a joke about sports cars?  Body: Are you sure?  It contains spoilers!
105	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Why can't Floyd Mayweather Jr drink pints quickly?  Body: Because he's only a lightweight.
371	adjudicated	irony	Title: What's the worst part about baiting a fish hook really well?  Body: Everyone knows you're a master baiter!
90	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: A sports star goes in for drug testing.  Body: He's suspected of using & the team may dismiss him. However, he's bladder shy and is having trouble giving the sample. Frustrated, the doctor tells him:  Urine or you're out!
452	adjudicated	reference	Title: You hear about the University book store worker who was charged for stealing $20,000 worth of books?  Body: He got caught trying to sell the two books to a freshman.
168	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Did you hear about the gay midget?  Body: He came out of the cupboard
240	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Why wouldn't the dog attend the Veterans Day Parade?  Body: There were too many vets.
402	adjudicated	shock	Title: Why did Susie drop her ice cream?  Body: Because she was hit by a bus.
48	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Brake fluid  Body: I know a guy who is addicted to brake fluid. He says he can stop anytime.
104	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: How do you know white people like the sound of bells?  Body: They name their children, Dan, Don, and Dunn.
206	adjudicated	reference	Title: Do you know what band really bugs me?  Body: The Aphid Brothers
247	adjudicated	meta_humor	Title: TIFU by getting meatball marinara instead of steak and cheese...  Body: Oops, wrong sub
200	adjudicated	shock	Title: What do you call a rap battle between Muslims?  Body: Islam Poetry
62	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What's the difference between a feminist and a gun?  Body: a gun only has one trigger
477	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Why should you stand in a corner when you are cold?  Body: Because corners are *90* *degrees*
147	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What did one tonsil say to the other?  Body: Get dressed a doctor is taking us out to night.
146	adjudicated	shock	Title: What happens when you kill a jew?  Body: The same thing that happens when you kill a christian... You anti-semetic.
225	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What's the forecast for Mexico?  Body: Chili today, Hot Tamale...
421	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: How did Darth Vader know what Luke had for Christmas?  Body: He felt his presents.
484	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Best/Worst Pick-Up Line  Body: "My dick just died... Can I bury it in your ass?"
491	adjudicated	misplaced_focus	Title: I used to be a man trapped in a woman's body  Body: But then my mother gave birth
451	adjudicated	shock	Title: Why do Native Americans hate snow?  Body: It's white and on their land.
109	adjudicated	shock	Title: What do you get. . .  Body: If you crush a hundred rednecks to death in a car crushing machine?  An erection.
294	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: How does Harry Potter get down a hill?.....He walks  Body: Jk Rowling
440	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: How many hippies does it take to change a lightbulb?  Body: Doesn't matter.  All they're going to do is stand around and talk about changing it.
121	adjudicated	reference	Title: Audible  Body: Audible be sponsoring so many YouTube channels you could go to "Audible.com/ " and type in any word you want and it would give you a free book
265	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: All the organs of the body were having a meeting  Body: ...trying to decide who was the one in charge.  "I should be in charge," said the brain, "Because I run all the body's systems, so without me nothing would happen."  "I should be in charge," said the blood, "Because I circulate oxygen all over so without me you'd all waste away."  "I should be in charge," said the stomach," Because I process food and give all of you energy."  "I should be in charge," said the legs, "because I carry the body wherever it needs to go."  "I should be in charge," said the eyes, "Because I allow the body to see where it goes."  I should be in charge," said the rectum, "Because I'm responsible for waste removal."  All the other body parts laughed at the rectum and insulted him. So in a huff, he shut down tight. Within a few days, the brain had a terrible headache, the stomach was bloated, the legs got wobbly, the eyes got watery and the blood was toxic. So they all decided that the rectum should be the boss.   The Moral of the story?  Even though the others do all the work...an Asshole is usually in charge!!
169	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: So a woman asked me how I view lesbianism the other day...  Body: Apparently "in HD" was not an acceptable answer.
381	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?  Body: A licalatapus
34	adjudicated	irony	Title: A man wins the lottery..  Body: And comes home and says to his wife, "Hey I won the lottery! Pack your bags!"   And his wife replies, "That's great! Should I pack for warm weather or cold weather?   The man replies, "I don't care, just get the hell out!"
268	adjudicated	irony	Title: I don't see why people are outraged when Donald Trump says if Ivanka wasn't his daughter, he'd be dating her.  Body: After all, if Ivanka wasn't Trump's daughter, I'd date her too.
30	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Gun loading announcement...  Body: Apparently my local radio station had an announcement on how to load a gun.  But I never got the bulletin.
400	adjudicated	character	Title: Hoping there hasn't been one in a while, but blonde joke thread.  Body: How do you drown a submarine full of blondes?  Knock on the door
461	adjudicated	misplaced_focus	Title: I was visiting my grandmother late last night...  Body:  ...when she asked for a newspaper.  "This is the 21st century" I said. "We don't waste money on  newspapers. Here… use my iPad."  That damn fly had no idea what hit him.
354	adjudicated	shock	Title: I did a poll on the percentage of EE student that have sex in their life, 2/50 say they have sex.  Body: 2 people lied.  (its true, they told me after I ask who they have sex with)
382	adjudicated	analogy	Title: Your mom and a Volkswagon have something in common  Body: They're both 40 times dirtier than advertised.
10	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What does a Spanish speaking ghost say when they like you?  Body: What does a Spanish speaking ghost say when they like you?  Mi Ghosta!!
173	adjudicated	madcap	Title: How many babies does it take to paint a house?  Body: It depends how hard you throw them.
342	adjudicated	shock	Title: Jesus loves you...  Body: ...with his whole mouth.
115	adjudicated	shock	Title: There is a new machine for testing your sperm count at home  Body: Maybe I could use it to check my daughter's saliva sample
363	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Why did Turkey disappear?  Body: Because Austria was Hungary.
61	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Why did Jimmy get into a horrific car accident?  Body: He let God take the wheel  Edit: *Jesus.* He let *Jesus* take the wheel
231	adjudicated	reference	Title: What do you say to a broken Xbox One?  Body: Nothing, you already said it twice.
264	adjudicated	irony	Title: Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds super fun if you don't know what either of those things are.  Body:
224	adjudicated	shock	Title: What is the hardest part to eat of a vegetable?  Body: The wheelchair
312	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What did the french food critic say when he was given a savoury pancake?  Body: "It's crêpe"
356	adjudicated	irony	Title: A lady walks into a pet store  Body: A lady walks into a pet store and immediately sees a parrot in a cage.  The parrot sees the lady and starts talking to her;  Parrot: "Hey lady, hey!"  Lady: " What is it?"  Parrot: "You're ugly."  The lady gets offended and leaves the store.  The next day the lady comes back to the same pet store and sees the same parrot. The parrot, just like it did the day before, starts talking to her.  Parrot: "Hey lady, hey!"  Lady: "What is it?"  Parrot: "You're ugly."  The lady becomes furious and decided to talk to the manager. She told the manager that if they don't do anything about that parrot she will sue them. The manager apologizes and assures her that it will all be fixed and the parrot won't say anything offensive anymore, for it is a very smart parrot.  The lady returns to the same pet store the next day and sees the same parrot. The parrot, just like it did the last two days, starts talking to her.  Parrot: "Hey lady, hey!"  Lady: "WHAT?!"  Parrot: "...You know."
159	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: I guess you could say Caitlyn Jenner is...  Body: Transjennered.
102	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Heard from a bum in Key West...  Body: The bum's sign said $1 for 2 minutes of jokes. Dropped a five in and he took off. Had us rolling. Here is one of the gems he dropped on us.   What did the sadist do to the masochist?  Nothing.
310	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Did you hear about the blind circumsiser?  Body: He got the sack.
372	adjudicated	character	Title: The German And The Jew.  Body: There was a German who had a grocery store in Berlin. He had a Jewish neighbor who had shop from which he sold yarn. In all his life, the German never set foot inside the Jew's shop and never bought anything from him. One day the Jew comes into the German's store and says that he is leaving for Israel for good. He tells the German to buy something from his shop as a token of goodwill between them. The German refuses but the Jew keeps on pestering him and he looses his temper. "Alright!" he says,"I'll buy a piece of string from the tip of your dick to the the tip of your nose!" The Jew walks away absolutely beaming. The next day he arrives with 10 lorries full of yarn. The German is flabbergasted. He shouts to the Jew that he only wanted a piece of string from the tip his dick to the tip of his nose. The Jew calmly explains the he was circumcised in RUSSIA!!!
344	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Have you ever gotten shampoo in your mouth while singing in the shower?  Body: Turns into a real Soap Opera.
337	adjudicated	character	Title: A father and son went on a camping trip  Body: An uneducated father with his educated son went on a camping trip. They set-up their tent and fell asleep. Some hours later, the father woke up his son. Father : "Look up to the sky and tell me what you see?" Son : "I see millions of stars." Father : "And what does that tell you?" Son : "Astronomically, it tells that there are millions of galaxies and planets." Father slaps the son hard and says, "Idiot, someone has stolen our tent"  MORAL : Too much education can spoil or common sense.
365	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: A pirate goes to the doctor, worried the moles on his back are cancerous  Body:  "It's ok" says the Doctor "They're benign"  "Count 'em again Doc" says the pirate. "I reckon there be at least ten
84	adjudicated	irony	Title: 3 couples are trying to get married  Body: 3 couples are trying to get married at the same church. There is a young couple, a middle aged couple, and an elderly couple. The three couples meet with the priest and discuss when they can get married.  "If you wish to get married in my church, you must all go one month without having sex," says the priest.  One month later the 3 couples return to the church and talk to the priest. He then asks the elderly couple "Have you completed the month with sex?"  "Yes we have, it was easy," replies the elderly couple.  "How about you?" He asks the middle aged couple.  "It was hard, but we didn't have sex for the whole month," they respond.  "And how about you two?" He asks the young couple.  "No we couldn't do it." Responds the boyfriend.  "Tell me why," says the priest.  "Well my girlfriend had a can of corn in her hand and she accidentally dropped it. She bent over to pick it up and that's when it happened."  The priest then tells them "You're not welcome in my church."  "We're not welcome in the supermarket either," Says the boyfriend.
281	adjudicated	irony	Title: People are freaking out because the Orlando shooter was investigated by the FBI and was able to buy a rifle.  Body: But you can also run for president.
243	adjudicated	shock	Title: Please don't share 9/11 jokes, I lost my dad on 9/11  Body: He took over 2500 infidels with him
65	adjudicated	parody	Title: If I had a dollar every time Trump said something stupid...  Body: I'd have a small loan of a million dollars.
64	adjudicated	reference	Title: What does Popeye put on his dick to have sex?  Body: Olive Oyle!
272	adjudicated	character	Title: It's so good for USA that Barack Obama is running the country  Body: Black people are good at running.
423	adjudicated	character	Title: A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are captured by a witch  Body: The witch tells them, "If you say something about yourself that is true, I will let you go, if not, you will vanish into thin air"  The brunette says, "I think I'm the prettiest"  *Poof!* the brunette disappears.   The redhead says, "I think I'm the smartest" *Poof!* the redhead disappears.  The blonde says, "I think..." *Poof!*
248	adjudicated	shock	Title: Football is like Sex  Body: your mom sucks at both
43	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What did the bacterium do when its sibling stepped on its toe?  Body: "My toe sis!"
417	adjudicated	shock	Title: There was three women in a bar..  Body: They was having a little competition of how loose their pussy's are  . The first woman says "my pussy is so big I can fist myself". The third one chuckled and said "that's nothing, I can stick two legs in me". The third one laughs hard and slips down the barstool
375	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: What kind of type face does a pachyderm use?  Body: ele-font
123	adjudicated	wordplay	Title: Cloudy with a chance of meatballs?  Body: Talk about a meatier shower!
29	adjudicated	reference	Title: What could have been the most stuppidest result of Napolleonic wars if France won?  Body: Tsar Napoleon.
